docs(lane_change): correct sentence (#11233)
autowarefoundation/autoware_universe: planning/behavior_path_planner/autoware_behavior_path_lane_change_module/README.md

### Lane change regulations

| Name                       | Unit | Type    | Description                                              | Default value |
| :------------------------- | ---- | ------- | -------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| `regulation.crosswalk`     | [-]  | boolean | Consider lane change regulation in between crosswalks    | true          |

> | `regulation.intersection`  | [-]  | boolean | Consider lane change regulation in between intersections | true          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `regulation.intersection`  | [-]  | boolean | Considers lane change regulation at intersections. If set to `true`, lane changing are disabled at intersections. | true          |
```
